Hey, I'm sorry, buddy.
Are you all right?
I hope I didn't ruin your suit!
(grunts)
(grunting continues)
What is that?
Calvin Klein?!
(rain continues)
(rain fades away)
(waves lapping, birds squawking)
(indistinct chatter,
gavel banging)
OWEN:
What happened?
O-Okay. O-Okay.
Yeah, I... Iwill tell her.
I love you, Mom.
Good luck.
...you didn't know he had
committed fraud?
_ I've done_ a full
Inventory Since fall.
I resolved to give
investigators my
memos and e-mails.
And you think
that's the extent
of your
responsibility?
Look,
I run a software
company, that's all.
I'm involved in
the big picture,
not all these details.
You mean details
like defrauding the IRS
for $430 million?
BOTH:
Objection!
Yes. Thank you.
In stereo.
Sustained, AUSA Stabler.
Bucky, Your Honor.
Bucky.
You are the CEO
of TaxLaunch.com,
a company that allows
taxpayers to file
onli_ne returns
and to receive onllne refunds.
That's correct.
Two years ago,
you began to file
fraudulent claims
from criminals usmg stolen
Social Security numbers?
We didn't know they
were fraudulent.
Oh, really?
BUCKY:
You sent 86
tax refunds to a single address.
Tax refunds totaling
three million
two hundred and sixty-seven
thousand dollars, all sent
to the same South Side address.
I was
the CEO of a company, sir.
I didn't have time
to check every single envelope.
I trusted the
people under me.
People like...
Dale.
BOTH:
Objection, Your Honor!
Okay, we need
just one lawyer
to object at
a time. Please.
Mr. Stabler
is again attempting to use
our codefendant against us,
and we again ask Your Honor
to sever our two defenses.
As long as they are combined,
the new AUSA
will use us against each other.
JUDGE:
Is that
what you're doing, Mr.... Buclq?
Never, Your Honor.
Your motion is
again acknowledged
and denied.
Your client comes after
us like that again,
we'll come after you.
BUCKY:
This government wiretap,
dated March 3, 2011--
would you listen, please,
and identify your own voice.
WOMAN:
Hello?
MAN:
It's me, babe. You up?
WOMAN:
Yeah, I was just...
Objection, Your Honor.
This is a wiretap of my client
speaking with his wife.
Therefore, it is subject
to spousal privilege.
Your Honor,
Mrs. Foster was
a coconsplrator.
Therefore,
the spousal shield...
Mr. S_tabler can assert
conspiracy all he wants,
but there has been no evidence.
The evidence
is being gathered.
Well, then gather it,
and then submit
the tap.
Stop, stop.
It's gratifying that you
all feel so comfortable
to _talk over each other
In my court, but...
sustained,
Bucky.
This wiretap of the
defendant speaking
with his wife
must not be used.
Bring me evidence
of a conspiracy,
and I'll reconsider.
You're trying
to blame me?
No. I was just
stating a fact.
I was the CEO;
you were the CFO.
I am not going
to jail for you.
Okay, that's enough.
We're on the same side here.
ALICIA: You seem to be
everywhere these days,
Bucky.
Yeah. I got rich,
I got old, got bored.
I thought I'd help
out my Uncle Sam
at the Department of Justice
nail some bad guys.
Like yours.
So we're zero-one.
We'
re.. ?
Zero, one.
Ah, wow. We'll have
to change that, won't we?
Hm.
Alicia.
Owen! Hi!
What are you doing here?
I came to see you
kicking ass.
Wow, you were great
out there, sis. Really.
I haven't done
anything yet.
Well,
take the compliment
seriously.
Look what came.
Ugh! Where's it from?
The Caribbean.
She's getting closer.
Yeah. She's
flying in tonight.
Flying in where?
Uh, here. Home.
Why? Malcolm wants
to see family?
Uh, well, I don't...
I don't think so.
The last time I talked
to her, she said she
had met someone--
Henry from Alaska,
an oilman--
on the last cruise.
Do they even have
oilmen anymore?
Apparently, in Alaska.
Maybe she wants a
divorce from Malcolm.
Maybe she needs
your expertise.
Oh, dear Lord.
So, what's next?
More objections?
I love the objections.
Maybe a few.
There should be some
fireworks after lunch.
Don't you have school?
Mm, it's a furlough day.
One of the great things
about a bad economy.
CARY:
Mr. Saverese.
Nick.
Wow.
What happened to you?
Look at that.
Basketball injury.
Really?
Yeah.
You'll want to get
some ice on that.
Thanks.
Sorry to interrupt
your work here, Nick,
but we have a problem
with this potential suit
against Streckler Automotive.
We do?
Yeah.
I used to work for _
the State's Attorney's office.
Don't know if you knew that.
Anyway... I still
have friends there,
and they came to me,
warning me about this red flag.
And what's that?
Your second in command--
what's his name, Bill?
(jet engine whining overhead)
What about him?
He has a record.
Drugs-- just like you.
And that's why I'm here,
as your lavwer, to warn you.
They'll probably
use that against you
to rebut your lawsuit.
Now, to prepare myself
for these upcoming depositions,
I looked into other legal issues
with your tow trucks--
there were none. Thank God.
Thank God.
But 80 grams of heroine was
found in the trunk of a car
being towed by one of your
tow trucks just last week.
It could look bad for
your lawsuit. (sighs)
And why is that?
Well...
it's a way
to transport drugs.
And the tow truck driver,
he can't be implicated
_ because he was
just movmg the car.
And what do you
suggest I do?
Well, nothing.
That's why I'm here
as your lavwer.
I've looked into everything
there is to know
about your business.
So in case of any trouble,
I'll know what you know.
And I can use my friends at
the State's Attorney's office
to find out more.
I hope I haven't
disturbed you unduly.
It's all been taken care of.
Oh, that's good to know.
And just so you know,
Cary, as your client,
I take this stuff
very seriously.
(jet engine whining)
It's life and
death to me.
BUCKY:
So you speak
very carefully
on the phone with your
workmates, Mr. Foster?
By "careful," do you mean
I had no knowledge
therefore never mentioned
It on the phone?
Yes.
Okay.
Let me play you another wiretap.
DALE:
Hey, Warren. How you doing?
WARREN: Good. Just seeing
what time you're heading out.
DALE:
Well, I think I...
Objection, Your Honor.
You have already ruled
on spousal shield.
The AUSA is attempting
to circumvent...
BUCKY: This is a
completely different
government wiretap
on Mr. Lamborne
and Mr. Lamborne's
live-in boyfriend,
Mr. Warren Nemec.
Mr. Nemec IS not
a "live-in boyfriend."
He is a legally
married spouse,
wed in the
state of...
Vermont.
...Vermont, after that state
legalized same-sex marriage.
Your Honor'_s
already determined
that spousal
shield applies.
Therefore, that same
shield must apply
to Mr. Lamborne's
conversation With
his spouse.
No, Your Honor.
The Defense
of Marriage Act
clearly states that
there is one true marriage,
that between a Iman and a woman.
is
a reactionary law.
Perhaps, but it is
a law, and it's been
on the books since 1996.
_And since there
is no recognition
of same-sex marriage
in the federal courts,
there can be no spousal shield
for Mr. Lamborne.
JUDGE:
Well...
(sighs)
This is a triclq one.
(several talking at once)
No, no,
no, no, no, this one doesn't
go to the loudest arguer.
I will review
precedent on this.
Prepare your briefs and
witnesses for tomorrow.
(bangs gavel)
So, they can't use
the straight couple's wiretap,
but they can use
the gay couple's?
Unless we fight it.
Good.
I'm glad you're doing this, sis.
MAN: Justice Lamb
called an hour ago.
Would you like
to return?
No. Afterward.
I have a dentist appointment
arranged for Thursday.
Does that still work?
No, we'll need
to clear the schedule.
Excuse me,
Mr. Breslow?
Yes?
Excuse me, I...
I heard you speak at Harvard.
It was a highlight
of my time there.
Oh.
I'm Cary Agos.
Jeremy.
This is my assistant,
Hal.
Hey. I'm...
sorry to be...
I'm just so in awe.
Ooh!
May-may I
help you?
Is there something that you...
you need here?
Yes, in fact.
ALICIA:
He's innocent, but he
speaks honestly on the
phone to his spouse,
and it doesn't
look good.
Well, with the other tap
thrown out,
in fact, it looks even worse,
because we don't hear
about the orders
the CEO gives to him.
(door opens)
Then we need
to keep it out.
Hi.
Oh, yeah, from basketball.
Guy caught me with his elbow.
Someone is out in
reception to see you.
Okay. Who?
Jeremy Breslow.
Yes, him, the
Supreme Court
super lawyer.
He's just
sitting out there.
Why?
He wants to see you
about your case,
the TaxLaunch case.
This case? Why?
DOMA.
This ruling could set
precedent for years,
maybe decades to come.
It isn't simply a matter of
your client's innocence
or guilt--
it's a... doorway
to the overturning
of the Defense of Marriage Act.
That's why I'm here--
and that's why
I intend to help you
in court tomorrow.
This is my right hand.
I want you to look at it.
It is with this hand that
I promised my brother--
dying of AIDS-- that I
would defend the rights of gays
to my very last breath,
I would use all my talents,
my strengths, my treasure
to advance the cause of
Stonewall, Harvey Milk,
Lawrence v. Texas,
and now Will Gardner.
Diane Lockhart.
Names that will
mean as much in two
decades as those two.
For we, right here,
right now...
of gay rights.
And all you have to do
is say yes.
Let me help you.
He's full of it.
DIANE:
What? No.
He's Barnum
and Bailey.
He's a liberal lion.
He's a giant.
Who will swallow
this case whole.
It'll all be about him,
not about
the client.
He's also free.
There's another_ reason
we want him.
They just dropped the charges
against our codefendant.
What? When?
Just now.
Without the other wiretap,
they don't have enough
against the CEO.
He'll testify
against us.
Damn it.
Guess who?
Here?
(sighs)
RSagm
for Grace.
WOMAN (in other room):
Oh, that's it. A little more.
A little more. Keep going.
WOMAN:
A little more over there.
That's it, Gracie. You got it.
Oh, Gracie, that's... perfect.
ALICIA:
Hi, Mom.
Oh, Alicia.
Alicia.
Mom.
Your hair.
What are you doing
to your hair?
What?
I like it longer.
I like it shorter.
Oh.
And what's going on here?
The table.
You need to move it over there.
Then you'll have more room.
Grandma bought us presents.
Oh, they've gotten so big.
Zach's taller
than I am.
Happens after two years.
Has it been two years?
No, it hasn't.
And look. Look what I got
you for Thanksgiving.
There's not enough room
in the fridge.
So, Owen tells me
you met someone, Mom.
OWEN:
Um,
actually...
Kids, come here, come here.
Hold me.
(whispers):
Malcolm died.
(gasps)
She brought him
back to bury him.
A stroke while
they were on the cruise.
Oh, Mom. I'm so sorry.
Are you all right?
Malcolm was always
such a beautiful man.
So full of life.
Zach, get me my purse, will you?
Uh, Mom's run
into some legal trouble.
Here's the will.
Malcolm left everything to me,
but his son
never liked me.
Mom, this is a subpoena.
Oh?
Yes, for yesterday.
Really? Oh. And...
I got you this book.
You have to read it.
This says
Malcolm's son says
the will is invalid.
They amended it.
Here it is.
Vagina: A New
Biography.
It's very powerful.
Mom,
this says Malcolm
left you nothing.
Oh.
(chuckles)
Well, then I'll really
need you, Alicia.
Owen says you're such
a good lavwer now.
*
I am honored, Mr. Breslow.
Thank you, Judge Friend.
But I am the one honored
to be representing such a fine
young man as Mr. Lamborne.
You're a little crowded over
there at the defense table.
Ben, why don't you get them
an extra table?
Is the government fine with
the addition of Mr. Breslow?
BUCKY:
Of course, Your Honor.
As long as our underdog status
is now formalized.
(chuckles)
The United States as underdog.
I think that's the first time
since the Revolutionary War.
(gallery laughs)
Do you have a first witness,
Mr. Breslow?
And, of course,
by extension, I mean
Ms. Lockhart
and Ms., uh...
Yes, thank you, Your Honor.
I would like to call
former Attorney General,
Arthur Shipton.
MAN:
Do you swear the testimony
you're about to give
is the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth?
SHIPTON:
I do.
BRESLOW: What is the United
States government
view of DOMA?
It is the current
United States policy
to not enforce the Defense
of Marriage Act.
I see.
And why is that,
Attorney General Shipton?
BUCKY: Objection.
Former
Attorney General.
Bucky, please.
You may continue.
SHIPTON: Because the
current administration
believes the law to
be unconstitutional.
It is discriminatory
to define a marriage
as only between a man
and a woman.
And therefore,
it would be the opinion
of the government
that Mr. Lamborne
and his husband
are, in fact, legally married,
and that this wiretap
should be excluded
based on spousal shield?
Yes. That would follow.
Thank you, Art, for rushing
over here on such short notice.
No problem, Jer.
I tender the witness,
Your Honor.
Thank you, Jer.
So, Mr. Shipton,
it is the opinion
of the current administration
that the Defense of Marriage Act
_ discriminates _
against same-sex marriage,
and it should not be enforced?
Yes, sir, as I said.
And this would apply to
every level of the government?
Yes, sir.
Social Security benefits?
Well, I will admit the Social
Security Administration
has been slow to modernize.
Meaning that same-sex spouses
_ do not receive _
5006“ Security benefits.
SHIPTON:
That is correct, currently.
BUCKY: What about
federal estate
tax deductions?
Are they available
to same-sex spouses?
No, regrettably.
Spousal
medical benefits
for government employees?
No, not yet.
Medical and
dental insurance
for military spouses,
discounted housing,
surviving
spousal benefits?
Anything?
Again, not yet.
So, let me get
this straight.
The current administration
considers the Defense
of Marriage Act
to be unconstitutional
and discriminatory
and it should
not be enforced
except when it
comes to money.
Objection.
Counselor is testifying.
Uh, ma'am, Mr. Breslow
questioned the witness.
Only he is
allowed to object.
Mr. Breslow,
do you have
an objection?
Uh, no, Your Honor. This
is too entertaining.
Don't do that again.
I determine the pace and rhythm
of questioning.
BUCKY:
So, Mr. Shipton,
have you heard
the biblical imperative,
"Where your treasure is,
there your heart will be"?
Yes. Matthew 6:21.
Well,
wouldn't the inaction
of the current administration
on these issues indicate
where their heart really is
on the Defense of Marriage Act?
JUDGE:
Okay.
I'll interrupt there.
Thank you.
You can sit down now, Bucky.
It seems to me
there are mixed Signals
on the constitutionality
of DOMA,
and it is left up
to the individual courts
to decide on the veracity
of a marriage.
So please present me
with evidence
on Mr. Lamborne's
marriage.
(gavelbangs)
DAVID:
Ms. Loy?
Yes?
I'm David Lee,
family law.
Alicia asked that I help
with your probate.
Oh, lovely to meet you.
Would you like some M&M'S?
Oh!
(laughs)
Yes, I-I would, actually.
Ooh.
Thank you very much.
So, you're Alicia's mother?
Yes,
and you're Alicia's boss.
Well, one of them.
I'm so sorry
about your recent loss.
Thank you very much.
Uh, do you think there will be
any difficulty with this?
Depends.
The other claimant says that
you were cheating on his dad--
that's why the deceased
changed his will
to exclude you.
That's a lie.
Unfortunately, a convincing one.
So I've lost then?
Not necessarily.
Why not?
I'm good.
Oh!
(laughing)
My hero.
Will your finances be devastated
if you lose
this probate, Ms. Loy?
Uh, Veronica.
Yes, they will.
Mmm.
Does that matter?
It can.
Destitution plays well
to a COU rt.
This is your
second marriage?
Third.
Really?
I never found anyone
to satisfy me, I guess.
They either bore me or die.
(laughing)
Um...
(chuckles)
Mm. David Lee.
That doesn't sound Jewish.
It sounds Chinese.
Ellis Island.
Oh.
Lee for Liebenbaum.
I've always liked Jewish men.
I always thought a penis
never looked quite right
unless it was circumcised.
(chuckling)
Oh!
Excuse me.
So, when are you gonna
make my sister a partner?
Unfortunately,
it all comes down
to who you know,
and Alicia knows so
few people.
Owen.
I thought I'd lost you.
Hello, Ms...?
Loy.
Veronica.
Will Gardner.
And you're a friend of Owen's?
No, I work here.
With your daughter.
Alicia and Will went
to school together, Mom.
Ooh, isn't
that lovely?
My son always talks very loudly
when he patronizes me.
Uh, I saw you two standing
out here laughing,
and I assumed
you knew each other.
We go back a long way.
It's best not to joke with her.
She doesn't understand.
Will and I met
the last time I was here.
Oh.
(elevator bell dings)
WILL: Really?
VERONICA: Yes.
She still swam
the entire race.
(laughing)
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Alicia.
What a lovely mother
you have, Alicia.
Thank you.
She was just
telling us about
swimming class
in third grade.
You got here early, Mom.
Yes.
I thought I'd see
where you work.
And Owen let you talk.
I got here late as well.
Nice work in court,
by the way.
DAVID:
Veronica.
Mm-hmm?
Is that him?
VERONICA:
Yes. That's Malcolm's son.
Didn't skimp
on the lawyer.
Let me do all
the talking, okay?
(all arguing)
Rein in your client!
My client?
He says
that I didn't
love Malcolm. I spent
five years with Malcolm.
You cheated on him,
you were divorcing him!
Is that
what you told your father?
That she was a cheater?
Yes.
DAVID:
And divorcing him?
Yes.
DAVID:
And after that,
he wrote up an amendment
leaving everything to you?
Wait a minute, Brian...
You're damn right!
He was so angry, he
wrote it right then!
Good. Then, sir,
we are suing you
fo_r intentional i_nterf_erence
With expected inheritance.
LAWYER: Oh, come on.
DAVID: You
told your father
a lie to get
him to change
his will.
It wasn't a lie!
She was cheating on him!
Do you have photos?
LAWYER:
Okay.
That's enough.
DAVID: You can't do that!
LAWYER: Brian.
You can't lie to
somebody to get them
to change their will.
We'll be sending over
oursubpoena.
(door shuts)
(chuckling)
You are gonna get everything.
Every cent, Veronica.
(Veronica chuckles)
He told his father you
were cheating on him.
He has no proof.
David, do you have a minute?
My mother...
cheated on him.
How do you know that?
She told my brother.
And your brother told you?
Yes.
And have you told
anyone else?
You.
Then we'll be fine.
But she'll be deposed,
and she'll lie.
She'll be deposed
and she'll tell the truth
as she remembers it, and she
remembers she did not cheat.
My mother remembers things
creatively.
Just don't tell anybody else,
and we'll be fine.
Oh, no.
DALE:
I love Warren.
How do I know?
If he died, I would die.
That's why
you married him?
Not for any tax
or health benefit,
but because
you loved him?
DALE:
Yes.
Shakespeare said,
"A man in hue,
_all 'hues'_in
his controlling."
Warren is that to me.
Thank you.
Tender the witness.
BUCKY:
Well, that was very moving.
You must be very committed
to Warren.
DALE:
I am.
BUCKY: Good.
Sounds like a solid marriage.
What are Free Fridays?
BRESLOW:
Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance.
JUDGE:
I'm not sure how to rule
on that, Mr. Breslow.
How is this relevant?
Well, Mr. Lamborne was
very convincing in his...
Shakespearian portrayal
of a devoted
and happy marriage.
I just want to see how
devoted it really is.
Overruled. You may answer.
What do you mean,
Free Fridays?
You tell me.
You and Warren talked a great
deal about Free Fridays
on one of the wiretaps.
All I want to know is,
what are Free Fridays?
They're date nights.
Oh, I see.
So, you have dinner with
Warren, go to a show.
Wait. Maybe that's not
what you meant.
Who are you dating
on these date nights?
BUCKY:
Mr. Lamborne?
Other people.
BUCKY:
Ah, I see.
So Free Fridays
are free because
you allow your spouse
and your spouse allows you
to have sex
with other men?
(sighs)
Mr. Lamborne,
you must answer.
Yes.
And if Warren were to die
on one of these dates,
would you die, too?
BRESLOW:
Objection.
Argumentative.
Withdrawn.
Tender the witness.
Mr. Breslow, I think
you should see this.
Not now. Nothing
further, Your Honor.
No, Mr. Breslow.
You want to see this now.
We had our investigator
look into the CEO.
BRESLOW:
Mr. Foster, how long
have you been married?
20 years.
And how many affairs
have you had in that time?
Objection, Your Honor!
Relevance.
Mrs. Florrick, would you like
to explain the relevance?
Yes.
Mr. Stabler has questioned
Dale and Warren's marriage
based on their affairs.
We are intending
to show equivalence.
Mr. Foster, please
excuse our impertinence.
How many affairs
have you had?
Oh.
Mr. Foster, it is now
an issue of fact.
Please answer.
(sighs)
Five affairs.
BRESLOW (laughing):
Oh, come.
Remind him
he's under oath.
We have a record of 12.
Okay. Enough.
Thank you.
I'm ready to rule.
It is true
that the courts have been
allowed leeway
to discern whether individual
marriages are legitimate,
but I find the facts here
to suggest nothing more
than equivalence.
Some
heterosexual marriages
are... messy.
Some homosexual marriages
are equally so.
That proves nothing.
DOMA is the law of the land.
That is all I
can depend on.
For that reason, I
must rule the wiretap
is admissible.
(gavelbangs)
So now what?
We lost the battle.
We haven't lost the war.
Mom, you cheated.
You can't say
you didn't cheat when you did.
I didn't cheat.
You know me.
I talked, I flirted.
Malcolm knows I flirt.
His son never liked me.
That is why
he filled his head
with all this... Why
is the TV over there?
Shouldn't it be
in that corner?
I like it over there.
Hmm.
Is this about me being away?
Is what about you being away?
Well, this parental talking-to.
You were away
for two years, Mom.
Malcolm wanted to.
He had the soul of a vagabond.
I called.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
You know that,
don't you?
You know, you really should read
this vagina book.
She talks about the
profound connection
between the brain
and the vagina.
It really explains a lot.
Sounds great, Mom.
You know, you've gotten
a lot more ironical lately.
Did you know that?
Is it about Will?
What?
Will?
Your boss. Will?
Is that what
this is about?
Oh, my God.
(sighs, sniffles)
Don't get in a fight.
I had to tell her something.
She thought Will was gay,
and he was into me.
So you told her
I slept with him?
No. No, I would
never tell her that.
I told her you had
a crush on him.
Oh!
She thought we were gay!
So, you just say,
"It's none of your business."
Have you ever tried that
with Mom?
It's not his fault, Alicia.
We're family.
We don't hide things
from each other.
DALE:
Well, that's the thing.
I-I don't know
if I didn't do anything wrong.
Okay.
And that was your boyfriend,
Mr. Lamborne, admitting
that he committed fraud?
Objection,
Your Honor.
Sustained.
Nothing further, Your Honor.
Tender the witness.
JUDGE:
Mr. Breslow,
any questions?
Uh, nothing, Your Honor.
Uh, Excuse me, Your Honor.
Could you, uh, give us a minute?
Certainly.
(whispering):
You can't let that stand.
The tap makes it sound like
Dale admitted guilt.
No. The judge is
smart enough to see
he was just being a
conscientious CFO.
Dale, let us cross-examine.
The judge has
to have this underlined.
o.
We underline
at the closing.
Dale, you brought me
on for my experience.
My experience
tells me we wait.
Sorry, Diane, Alicia.
You want him to lose.
I want him to lose?
What are we talking about here?
You want Dale to lose.
You want to take
this DOMA issue
to the Supreme Court,
and you can't do it if he wins.
You can't appeal a win!
This is my right hand.
Oh, don't give me that crap!
I'm here to win.
How many times have you argued
before the
Supreme Court?
How many times have you gone
toe-to-toe with Justice Scalia?
_ _ I don't need
to justify my defense to you.
I am here to win.
I am here to win it all!
Everything.
For all of us.
(door opens and closes,
crowd chatter)
He has answered all
of your questions
completely and honestly.
BUCKY:
So you're saying
it was Mr. Lamborne's idea
to commit this fraud?
Yes. A CEO has to
rely on his CFO,
and I guess Ijust
couldn't rely on Dale.
I'm sorry that makes
you angry, Dale,
but you know it's true.
Thank you. Nothing further.
JUDGE FRIEND
Mr. Breslow, anything?
No, Your Honor.
We'll save our rebuttal
for the closmg arguments.
I have a few questions,
Your Honor.
Ma'am, no.
I have a few questions.
I'm leading the defense,
and I say, no questions.
He just lied about you, Dale.
He was your friend,
and he lied to your face.
BRESLOW:
That's why we wait
for the summation.
No. You answer a lie now,
or it sticks.
Ladies and gentlemen
of the defense?
Just a second, Your Honor.
Dale, we don't want our defense
to seem unorganized.
He wants you to lose.
To him, it's not about you.
It's about the issue.
Where do we stand
over there?
It's a mistake.
Mr. Foster, you testified
that the fraud started
with Dale, not you.
Yes. I trusted him.
Mm-hmm. _
Let me play you this tap.
MRS. FOSTER:
Well, that's not your fault,
Vance.
VANCE:
It is my fault...
if it's discovered.
Excuse me. Objection.
The court has already excluded
this tap due
to spousal
shield laws.
JUDGE:
Yes, Mrs. Florrick,
I thought my ruling was clear.
It certainly was clear,
Your Honor.
When Mr. Foster was a defendant,
the tap could not be played.
But he's no longer
a defendant.
He's a witness, and I am using
this tap for impeachment.
There is no spousal privilege
with impeachment.
That seems to be
eminently clear, Buclq.
Doesn't it?
We would preserve our objection
for the record, Your Honor.
JUDGE:
Please continue,
Mrs. Florrick.
VANCE:
If it's discovered,
the extent of this fraud,
I could find myself
facing a grand jury.
I have been authorized
to offer you four months.
Admission of complicity.
$500,000 in
restitution.
I think you would all
agree that this is
a difficult plea bargain for the
Department of Justice to make.
You have ten hours
to give us a yes
or no.
Thank you, sir.
We'll give it
its due consideration.
(door opening)
Wait till he
turns the corner.
Now.
Congratulations, Dale.
I thought he was going to say,
"Four years."
(laughing)
(elevator bell dings)
Thank you, Mr. Nemec.
I... Do I know you?
No. I, uh, saw you in court.
What you and your husband
are doing--
as a gay man-- I thank you.
You're welcome.
MAN:
Mr. Nemec?
(Dale laughing)
DIANE:
That's fantastic.
DALE:
I still can't believe
this is happening.
I mean, look at me.
I'm still shaking.
Come on, Mr.
Breslow. We won.
No, ma'am, we didn't.
I wouldn't take it, Dale.
You're innocent.
But they're coming after me
for 12 years.
And they have the evidence.
Mr. Breslow,
you have an agenda here.
You have a reason
to reject this.
Tell him.
Gladly.
(door opening)
Uh, come on in.
Your husband has been offered
a four-month sentence
and a half-million-dollar fine.
I can't promise better.
In fact, my guess is,
if Dale doesn't take this plea,
he'll be found guilty.
I take no solace in that.
I just think
you've been treated unjustly.
And you have been treated
unjustly for one reason:
you are gay men.
Now, with clever maneuvers,
we can limit your sentence.
Alicia and Diane--
they're clever.
They can manipulate the law,
and they will succeed,
because they're good.
But the law would not change,
and same-sex couples
would still struggle under DOMA.
You're asking us to lose?
Yes. I'm asking you to force
the court to face its hypocrisy.
We want to take this
to the Supreme Court.
You are two picturesque
upper-middle-class gay men
who can't be dismissed easily.
You are exactly
what we need
to pull Justice
Kennedy to our side.
It's not just
about you anymore.
It's about the entire
gay community.
It's about you two sacrificing
so that we can overturn DOMA.
What do you think?
I don't think
you're gonna like what I think.
I can't believe it.
He's a good salesman.
Okay, it's not over yet.
If they're not taking the plea,
we have one option left.
Winning?
ALICIA:
Owen. Hi.
What are you
doing here?
I've been subpoenaed.
You...
I'll be outside.
Thanks, Cary.
(door closes)
It's Malcolm's son--
they want to question me.
You talked to him
about Mom cheating?
He brought up
Henry the oilman.
I-I said I'd
never met him.
They're gonna ask you
what Mom told you,
and she told you
she was cheating with Henry?
What-what do I do?
I mean, if I tell
the truth...
Then Mom's
perjured herself.
Yes.
And she loses the
inheritance, she
loses everything.
But if you lie,
you're perjuring yourself.
What is that?
That's a Class 3 Felony.
Two to five years.
You're-you're kidding me.
(knocking)
Damn it.
I have to get
to court.
Well, um...
okay, what-what
would you do?
What would I do?
The same thing as you.
You tell the truth.
So you're saying,
Mr. Collegio,
that it is
a fact that
Mr._Lamborne
is innocent?
Yes.
And how do you know this?
I'm the head I.T. guy
at TaxLaunch.
I mean, the, uh,
Chief Departmental
Software Officer,
and I know that the
server went down
during the time
in question.
Mr. Lamborne couldn't
have seen or impacted
the fraudulent
returns in question.
Thank you, sir.
No further questions,
Your Honor.
Just one from me, Your Honor.
Mr. Collegio,
in your opinion,
is our client, Dale
Lamborne, an honest man?
Oh, yes, definitely.
I've known him
for ten years.
I'd trust him
with my life.
Thank you.
Uh, just a few questions,
Mr. Collegio.
So, Mr. Collegio,
you know the client,
Mr. Lamborne, personally?
I do.
Have you ever had
a personal sexual
relationship with him?
Objection, Your Honor.
Beyond the scope.
Your Honor, the defense,
in its questioning
of Mr. Collegio
about Mr. Lamborne's
honesty, used him as
a character witness.
They opened the
door to my questions
about personal bias.
(whispers):
You are really
screwing us.
Just playing
long ball, ma'am.
Did you hear me?
Did I... What?
The tap-- it had
an overhear.
What's an overhear?
When the CEO hung up
after Vance hung up,
there were two clicks
on the Wiretap.
There were two
tap disconnects.
It's not just the feds--
there was somebody else
tapping in.
You're talking
about the two
Wiretaps?
Yeah.
It's not just the feds.
Somebody else
was investigating the CEO.
_Who else would be
investigating Vance?
My guess is State.
You need to subpoena
What they have.
They have to give it to you;
you have an ongoing trial.
Yeah.
Thank you.
(Will chuckles)
I_ wouldn't
he to you.
VERONICA: You really
haven't read it?
Mm-mm.
Well, basically What she says
is that our obsession
with the clitoris
is unhealthy, 'cause...
Mom.
Oh. Hi.
I was just telling Will
about the vagina book
we're reading.
I'm not
reading it.
No, it sounds interesting.
VERONICA: Well,
I'll get you a copy.
You're really not
seeing anyone?
I'm really not
seeing anyone.
Okay, Mom,
right this way.
Talk to you later.
(mouthing)
VERONICA:
I'm getting you that book!
MAN: Shall
we get started,
Mr. Cavanaugh?
Yes, okay.
My client claims
he discussed an affair
between your mother
and another man.
Isn't that true?
No, it's not.
You Hear!
Restrain
your client.
He's the one
who lied.
He's the one who got
the will amended
so that he
could cheat
a poor Widow out
of her property.
(two lawyers speaking at once)
(two lawyers continue arguing)
There were two
Wiretaps, Buclq.
And that should
impress me Why?
Your key witness,
Vance Foster,
he was being
investigated
by State on
embezzlement
charges.
Are you involved
with this?
Involved with what?
Keeping things from
your cocounsel, Ms. Lockhart?
We subpoenaed
a second Wiretap from State.
It gives a clearer picture
of Foster.
DIANE: He bought a yacht--
he admits it in the call
with his mistress.
The yacht came from a kickback
on the fraudulent tax returns.
I'll get back to you.
We're not taking a plea bargain.
On that we
agree, Buclq.
Drop these charges,
or we will present
them in court.
You'll lose, and expose
some embarrassing
interagency confusion.
Like I said,
I'll get back to you.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You just stuck us
with DOMA for another decade.
(thunder rumbling)
VERONICA: Not a bad oven
for such a small kitchen.
You still grumpy?
Nope.
Well, the turkey's
almost done.
Okay, so, I got
three Whites and two reds.
You think that'll
be enough?
Apparently not.
Have you been talking here?
Mom won her probate fight.
Congratulations.
Your sister thinks
(doorbell rings)
we're liars.
Grace, can you get that?
VERONICA: After the years
I put in with Malcolm,
I deserve that money.
I'm fine.
I didn't say anything.
You don't have
to say anything
with that look
of yours.
GRACE:
Mom! It's Grandma!
The other one!
Oh, dear God.
I didn't know
she was coming.
She's coming.
And Peter, too?
Yep. (sighs)
What is this called again,
Cristian?
Saoco.
(Whispers):
Socko.
Pow._
Saoco is
a Cuban drink.
It just needs ice.
It's perfect
for this weather.
I love these Cuban names.
They're so
tropical.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Welcome.
Have you met
Cristian?
You have a lovely home.
Why, thank you.
Ooh. Let me get some glasses
for this...
Socko.
...socko.
ZACH: Hey, Mom, they're
talking about your case.
I'll be right there.
Mom's in the kitchen.
I'm sure she'd love
to talk to you, Jackie.
(thunder rumbling in distance)
(quietly): Okay.
Only one pill.
And no alcohol.
(quietly):
I cross my...
MAN (on TV):
So, I looked at this case,
and when I saw it,
all I saw was that you were
taking this to
the Supreme Court.
(laughs)
Not every case is built
for the Supreme Court.
Sometimes you
just have to Win it.
And that's What I decided here.
We discussed the possibility
of a... of a test case,
but in the final analysis
Mr. Lamborne's freedom was key.
(chuckling)
(doorbell rings)
Hi.
Hey. Having fun?
Got anything stronger?
Yeah, if we raid
the evidence locker.
Don't tempt me.
Hm.
Oh, Whoa, Whoa, no.
(sighs): Yep.
Oh, Cristian,
brought that.
Oh. What is Saoco?
Ay...
JACKIE:
I'm so glad
you decided to visit.
Zach and Grace were
wondering about their
other grandmother.
I heard you nearly
died, Jackie.
A stroke from helping out
with the kids,
by myself.
Well, at least
you got a young companion
out of it.
How much does
he charge?
$40 an hour.
You should consider it.
You won't have to go begging
for male attention.
Yes.
Paying for it seems
to run in your family.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Veronica.
Hi, darling.
How are you two doing?
So, how's she doing?
Much better.
Good.
She seems happy.
Yes.
Very happy.
She's a funny lady.
What do you mean by that?
(laughs)
She's funny;
she makes me laugh.
Ah. Well, you've
been spending
a lot of time
with her, huh?
Yeah. She has
extended my hours.
Really?
What... Is that necessary?
No.
(chuckles softly)
* Be sure it's true,
when you say I love you... *
Uh, no, thanks.
* A double sin to tell a lie
* What'd I say!
(thunder rumbling)
(Baroque music playing)
So... he's over
here a lot?
Peter? Sometimes.
And you go over
to his place?
Is this because of me?
Of course, Mother.
Everything is
because of you.
You know What I mean.
You can't let go.
Even as a little kid,
you never could let go of
friends or old schoolbooks.
Even your dad--
you never wanted to
let go of his hand.
And now, there's this
person at work-- Will--
and you want him but you
won't let yourself have him,
because then
you'll be like me.
(thunder rumbling in distance)
(exhales)
I look at you
sometimes, Mom...
and I am just amazed.
I'm happy, Alicia.
I never do anything
I don't want to do.
Are you happy?
Can you say you are?
I can say that I'm living
the life I want.
And I can say there are
a lot bigger things.
No, there aren't.
The older you get,
the more you realize
there's only one thing:
happiness.
(thunder crashing in distance)
(Baroque music continues)
She's never gonna
divorce you, you know.
Hi, Veronica. It's
nice to see you, too.
She's a good person.
You're exploiting her.
How? By not divorcing her?
Yes.
You're leading her on.
Let her go.
What if I don't want
to let her go?
Well, then you're
just being selfish.
(clears throat)
PETER:
Do you need
any help?
Please.
Excuse me... Veronica.
(Baroque music continues)
What do you need?
Don't tell me it's
the bathroom Window again.
(siren wailing in distance)
What are you doing?
Getting undressed.
(thunder rumbling)
Are you serious?
I've never been more
serious in my life.
(gasps)
*
(fire truck horn blowing)
(siren continues wailing)
Door's unlocked.
I don't give a...
(fire truck horn blowing)
(Baroque music continues,
siren fading)
(thunder rumbling)
(panï¬ng)
This is about
your mother?
Yes.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org